Anna (Destin), Welcome to
I am very passionate about rockets. You probably know this
right Now. But the reason is that my grandfather was working for NASA, and he knew me
With rockets. I knew since that moment when my feet that I wanted to explore
Space, I want to be an astronaut. That's what we did. Says my hero
For whom I gave much much needed, and I grew up under it. I have given
Lots. So we realize that there are people who do not even know what rockets are.
So I and my friend, we have done.
It took us a year and a half of planning and implementation, but we took the rockets to the people
They have not seen missiles before. But the first thing we had to do, is
And to know how rockets are capable of reaching the smallest country in Africa.
We have a Class B missile
The Estes model will work to make it fly and allow these children to learn more about
Science, mathematics and technology.
So that the buns can remain upright
You have to be fast moving, before you have to hold it upright
The answer is science, okay.
When the teacher is ready to launch, we will count down.
What we do when firing rockets is counting down from 5 to zero.
1 .. zero
This is the installation
Gambian Space Program.
Launching
Did you see that? Look, let me take the shot again, watch this boy
Here exactly. This boy. Ignore others. It has a historical moment
It is the first time that this child has seen a rocket in his entire life.
Did you like that?
Do you remember how it happened to you? Well, this is the deal, you have been given a lot
Of the opportunities not enjoyed by many others in the world.
For those who gave a lot, much is required of him. What have you given?
So Stevo and I had a plan to get enthusiasm and passion for engineering, technology and mathematics, and that was a cornerstone in starting
Gambian space program process is simple, what will you do?
Tell us and then follow us until you become smarter every day. (I'm Destin). Bye
5 .. 4 .. 3 ..
2 .. 1 .. Launch!
[Translated by Khaled Bakri] For suggestions and questions about translation please contact @amkrro
Translation in other languages ​​is welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help